we have each other hands for citizens
these conjectures
pieces
also now he will buy 3
hockey fans iihf
Well
about it
cube
square
at
he
Astana 1
at the rate of the Central Bank and the Ministry of Finance
it seems to me
in 170,000 people fitch
five
how could we
until this year added a screwdriver
dollars you see on the edge read there hesitancy
were along the way this crowd here bought up
colleague in the film also sawdust however
so interesting picture
its owner of the crests and regnum
news
to court recently capitalized when
hit straight in the capital area
repair bought everything is fine with you
It was
2 here we are structured bye in
day
Here's gasoline, then even 5 percent to 2 billion ie
m
Wahruk
what is the problem
low-quality gasoline that's what he
writes newsru.com and finally someone leaves you
here is a stick this factor